1. Milk & Eggs
A wife asks her domestic partner, an engineer, for a favour.
"Darling, can you please go to the shop to buy one gallon of milk? And if they have eggs, get a dozen!"
Off they go to the shop, and half an hour later they return with 12 gallons of milk.
Their wife stares at them and asks, "Why on earth did you get 12 gallons of milk?"
"Well… they had eggs," they replied.

2. The Balloonist
A man is flying in a hot air balloon and realizes he is lost.
He reduces his height and spots a woman down below.
Lowering the balloon further he shouts, "Excuse me, can you tell me where I am?"
"Yes, you're in a hot air balloon, hovering 50 feet above this field" says the woman.
"You must be an engineer," says the balloonist.
"I am," replies the woman. "How did you know?"
"Well," says the balloonist, "everything you have told me is technically correct, but it's of no use to anyone."
"You must be in management," says the woman.
"I am," replies the balloonist, "but how did you know?"
"Well," she says, "you don't know where you are, or where you're going, but you expect me to be able to help. You're in the same position you were before we met, but somehow now it's my fault."

3. The Wedding
Two antennas got married - the wedding was lousy, but the reception was outstanding.

4. Wind Turbines
Wind turbine 1: "What kind of music do you like?"
Wind turbine 2:  "I'm a big metal fan."

5. People
There are 10 types of people in this world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.

6. The Hunting Trip
An engineer, a statistician, and a physicist are out hunting.
They spot a deer, and each take a turn to try and bag it.
The physicist goes first. She pulls out her lab book and quickly calculates the trajectory of the bullet, assuming it is a perfect sphere in a vacuum. The bullet falls 20m short of the deer.
The engineer goes second. He pulls out his engineers pad and book of projectile assumptions. After a few minutes he’s ready, he takes aim, and he fires. The bullet lands 20m passed the deer.
The statistician leaps in the air shouting, “We got it!”